---
layout: post
title:  Creative Media Workflow
categories: leadership, marketing
type: "Leadership"
caption: ""
intro: ""
team: []
year: 2016
thumbnail: thumbnails/thumb-cm.jpg

---

## Background

Creative Media is an almost entirely student-run full-service digital creative agency that operates under the Associated Students of the University of California (ASUCD). The organization is composed of three teams: Marketing, Graphics, and Programming. Creative Media works with both campus and corporate clients on a variety of marketing and web/mobile projects.

## Problems
- Clients submit project requests to different staff members; no way of keeping track of projects
- Slow turnaround time
- Miscommunication or no communication between departments

## Workflow Redesign

In an interdepartmental collaboration, we developed the following workflow and procedure, which denotes the Marketing Department as the first point of contact with the client.

## Internal Changes

### Project Protocol and Production Times
We established protocol and production times for each of our main projects.

### Google Accounts
Created Google accounts for all employees with the purpose of archiving all documents and communication within Creative Media.

### Client Documents
To make the Creative Media process easier for clients to understand, we created a set of informational client documents to use during initial client meetings.

## Conclusion

Our current workflow has proved successful over the past six months at improving interdepartmental communication and client relations.

In November 2016, I was awarded the Mark & Linda Champagne Award for Exemplary Customer Service after being nominated by two regular campus clients for their satisfaction with the current workflow.

During Winter 2016, my role as Marketing Director shifted to responsibilities of a Project Manager, and I started coordinating projects and timelines under Marketing, Graphics, and Programming.

In Spring 2017, the Marketing Team and I outlined this workflow in a Creative Media Marketing Handbook as hired and trained new staff as we exited.
